			   Curriculum Vitae
			   BRUCE R GRAHAM

			tel: +27 (72) 091-6687
			alt: +27 (87) 550 7192
			    bruceg72@pm.me
				   
SUMMARY

Bruce is a BSc (Operations Research,Mathematics and Statistics) graduate. Bruce is an ardent Open Source Unix enthusiast and hobbyist. Over the years he has tinkered with device drivers on FreeBSD, setup his own PostgreSql server, built clusters and done many fun and imaginable things. Bruce has developed expertise in Bash, has programmed in Perl, C and Ruby and has become advanced at the workings of Emacs.

       
SKILLS

    • Excellent written communicator
    • Expert problem solver on Linux 
    • Technically orientation
    • An independent worker (with facilities for remote work.)
    



PROJECTS

Costing and Profit spreadsheet (Wilfredo’s Ice Cream Co.):
This spreadsheet was built to ascertain how much the business had to charge for its ice cream. It tied in with the Wilfredo’s Ice Cream company’s finances to show proﬁt from input costs of the ice cream, ongoing expenses, and cost price charged. Ultimately it gave the managers insight into the sustainability of the ice cream business model and saved tens of millions of rands by showing that ultimately the business wasn’t sustainable.

Home budget spreadsheet tool:
Bruce designed a home budget tool to keep track of expenses and show where deviations in a tight household budget were happening. This can be adapted to a business use. The next step is to code all the concepts and ultimately to tie it into an R or Julia package so that everyone can use it.

Investment analysis scripted document:
Bruce wrote an experimental org script in Emacs to pull stock prices oﬀ the internet, and to reﬂect the valuations on investments. He further incorporated exchange rates. Bruce stored crucial values to a Sqlite3 database and charted the continuously updated data with a time series chart from R. Latterly he has converted some of the code to R and is performing optimisations on portfolio’s with some of the specialist packages in R.

       
EDUCATION

Actuarial Student						2016-present
Fin. math (FB), Business reporting (FB), Fin. engineering (current)
Actuarial Society of South Africa, Cape Town

Honours Bachelor of Science (Incomplete)			2004-2006
Operational Research
University of South Africa, Pretoria

Bachelor of Science					1993-2003
Operational Research, Mathematics, Statistics (2:1)
University of South Africa, Pretoria


WORK EXPERIENCE

Personal investment manager				2017-present
Work from home
Bruce conducts research and reading on the markets and economy. Based on research, Bruce picks equities with an eye to harnessing ultra long term market forces and trends. He timeously purchased into a Euro based resource ETF before the Bloomberg announcement of a new commodity supercycle. Bruce timeously purchased global REITs in anticipation of a highly inflationary environment. Mistake wise, Bruce sold shares in the KOMP 4th IR tech fund only half way through their rise. Bruce is a connoisseur of investment products with good research and excellent risk management. He has latterly invested in a global equity multi factor fund and is no longer exclusively a return chaser.

Entrepreneur   		                             April 2008-July 2015
Wilfredo’s Ice Cream Company
Bruce performed product R&D and established a factory. He also researched a ﬁnancial reporting system and performed the bookkeeping. With his business partner, they produced ice cream and delivered it. Bruce administered the business and guided the direction of the business, spending his free time building a spreadsheet model to anticipate cashflow and profitability of the business.

Entrepreneur  		                             Sep 2006-Jan 2008
Karoo Wirreless
Bruce was involved in the pilot phase of this business. He scoured the surrounding mountains for antennae sights. He lobbied the municipality for support. He canvassed the area for customers and lobbied for business. Bruce formed a partnership with a company in George to perform the technical setup. Bruce left after having secured the first few customers.



REFERENCES

On request
