                           ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━
                            CURRICULUM VITAE

                             Bruce R Graham
                           ━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━


bruceg72@pm.me


TRAITS
══════

  ✓ Written communicator
  ✓ Practised problem solver on Linux
  ✓ Technically oriented
  ✓ Analytical
  ✓ Disciplined and independent
  ✓ Productive behind a screen


SUMMARY
═══════

  Bruce is a science graduate in Operational Research and Statistics
  through UNISA.

  He has been an ardent Open Source Unix enthusiast since Linus Torvalds
  announced his new kernel in 1993 and he has tinkered with device drivers on
  FreeBSD in C.

  Bruce has made scores of installations with various flavours of Linux,
  OpenBSD and FreeBSD. He has also built dozens of systems for home use.

  In the last decade Bruce was involved with a niche ice cream startup
  in Cape Town.

  Bruce has subsequently spent time at home managing his investment fund and
  raising his family, who includes a daughter with special needs.

  Bruce is looking for a remote role in system administration or devops.


PROJECTS
════════

  Kernel compilation

  Bruce compiled the 2.18 kernel, configuring and fitting the device
  drivers to the available hardware. On numerous occassions Bruce
  compiled a full monolithic kernel and successfully ran his machine.

  PC construction

  Bruce constructed his own PC systems, researching hardware and
  availability of drivers on different platforms.

  Kernel driver tweaking

  Bruce tweaked the FreeBSD USB wireless driver to pick up his USB
  device which had an unknown bluetooth IC and an unusual signature.

  PCB Lithographic etching

  Bruce used lithographic principles to etch his own hand made circuit
  board.

  Analysis in R

  Bruce conducted a 'from scratch' analysis of his expenses in R,
  attempting to incorporate work from his actuarial studies on ruin
  theory.


EDUCATION
═════════

  Bachelor of Science [1993-01-31 Sun] to [2004-10-31 Sun] Operational
  Research, Mathematics, Statistics (2:2) University of South Africa,
  Pretoria

  Bruce has spent the last 4 years registered with the Actuarial society
  as a student member. He has written two exams with FB results.


SKILLS
══════

  R ✗✗✗✗
  Python ✗✗✗
  Git ✗✗
  Bash ✗✗✗
  C ✗✗


WORK EXPERIENCE
═══════════════

Personal investments
────────────────────

  2017 Jan to Present

  *Home*

  Bruce conducts research and reading on the markets and economy with an
  eye to harnessing ultra long term market forces and trends.


Startup founder
───────────────

  2011 Oct to 2016 Dec

  *Wilfredo’s Ice Cream Company
  *

  2011 Performed product R&D and researched manufacture and delivery
  options. Also researched a ﬁnancial reporting system.

  2012-2014 With business partner, we manufactured ice cream and
  delivered it.
  Bruce administered the business. He issued invoices, handled incoming
  invoices, made payments, updated the books and handled the VAT.

  2015-2016 Bruce also handled the end of year AFS and guided the
  direction of the business.

  Bruce spent his free time building a spreadsheet model to anticipate
  cashflow and profitability of the business. To this end he discovered
  a difficulty with future cashflow that only a very deep pocket and
  phenomenal sales growth could overcome. This was met with sheer
  disbelief by his partner. But as the prognosis of the model started
  coming true and in light of the insightful information provided by the
  model, further equity capital was withheld and lossess of up to
  R15million were nipped in the bud.


REFERENCES
══════════

  On request
